The time now came for Elizabeth to give birth and she gave birth to a son and the neighbors and her relatives
heard that Jehovah had magnified his mercy to her and they rejoiced with her on the eighth day
They came to circumcise the young child and they were going to name him after his father Zechariah
No
But he will be called John
Not one of your relatives is called by this name
Then they asked his father by signs what he wanted him to be called so he asked for a tablet and wrote
John is his name
At this they were all amazed
instantly
His mouth was opened and his tongue was set free John
And he began to speak
John is his name
praising God
Praise to Jehovah
And fear fell upon all those living in their neighborhood and
All these things began to be talked about in the whole mountainous country of Judea and
All who heard noticed it in their hearts saying
What will this young child turn out to be?
For the hand of Jehovah was indeed with him then
Zechariah his father was filled with holy spirit and he prophesied
Let Jehovah be praised the God of Israel
Because he has turned his attention to his people and has brought them deliverance
And he has raised up a horn of salvation for us in the house of David his servant
Just as he had spoken through the mouth of his holy prophets from evolved of a salvation from our enemies
And from the hand of all those hating us
To show mercy in connection with our forefathers and to call to mind his holy covenant
the oath
That he swore to Abraham our forefather to grant us
After we have been rescued from the hands of enemies
the privilege of
Fearlessly rendering sacred service to him with loyalty and
Righteousness before him
All our days
That as for you young child
You will be called a prophet of the most high
where you will go ahead of Jehovah
to prepare his ways
To give knowledge of salvation to his people
By forgiveness of their sins
Because of the tender compassion of our God with this compassion a daybreak will visit us from on high
To give light to those sitting in darkness and death shadow and to guide our feet
In the way of peace and the young child grew up and
became strong in spirit
And he continued in the desert until the day he showed himself openly to Israel